Topic: Elections
https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/sadc-au-sign-off-on-eswatinis-undemocratic-election-20231002
https://www.timeslive.co.za/news/africa/2023-09-29-eswatini-holds-parliamentary-elections-under-monarchs-control/
https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/eswatini-gears-up-for-democratic-elections-this-friday-with-no-parties-and-an-absolute-monarch-20230928
https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/eswatini-opposition-parties-civil-society-meet-in-sa-to-plot-strategy-against-king-mswati-20221221
https://www.africanews.com/2023/09/29/eswatini-voters-cast-their-ballots-in-legislative-elections//

Topic: Elections
https://www.africaninsider.com/politics/election-victory-eswatini-pro-democracy-activists/
https://globaldiversityhub.com/cultural-integration-of-eswatini/
https://trtafrika.com/africa/eswatini-election-results-announced-15227018
https://www.rfi.fr/en/africa/20230929-eswatini-formerly-swaziland-holds-elections-king-mswati-iii
https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2013/9/20/activists-call-swazi-election-a-selection

Topic: Education
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/ar/node/225210
https://www.folio-online.co.za/languages/siswati/
https://englishineswatini.weebly.com/english-in-eswatini.html
https://travel.com/uncategorized/swaziland-official-and-widely-spoken-languages/

Topic: Education
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/ar/node/225210
https://www.folio-online.co.za/languages/siswati/
https://inkomazisecondaryschool.org.za/languages/
https://swaziland579.wordpress.com/2016/12/07/languages-of-swaziland/

Topic: Healthcare
https://www.barbertonmanor.com/swaziland.html
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/swazi.html
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people
https://www.answersafrica.com/swazi-culture-the-language-food-and-tradition-of-swati-people.html

Topic: Healthcare
https://www.barbertonmanor.com/swaziland.html
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.answersafrica.com/swazi-culture-the-language-food-and-tradition-of-swati-people.html
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people
https://www.travel.com/uncategorized/swaziland-official-and-widely-spoken-languages/

Topic: Agriculture
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/ministries-departments/ministry-of-agriculture
https://www.snau.co.sz/
https://www.fao.org/in-action/swaziland-looks-to-a-revitalized-agriculture-sector/en/
https://www.ccardesa.org/eswatini
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/eswatini-agriculture

Topic: Agriculture
https://www.fao.org/in-action/swaziland-looks-to-a-revitalized-agriculture-sector/en/
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/eswatini-agriculture
https://newint.org/features/1988/06/05/profile
https://www.farmersweekly.co.za/agri-business/agribusinesses/swazi-pots-of-gold/

Topic: Food Prices
https://xplrverse.com/budget-travel-guide-to-eswatini-2025-how-to-experience-africas-hidden-gem-for-under-30-a-day/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuisine_of_Eswatini
https://briefly.co.za/30382-swazi-culture-food-people-beliefs-traditional-attire-wedding-ceremony-facts.html
https://trek.zone/en/country-comparison/prices/za/sz
https://hikersbay.com/prices/swaziland/mbabane?lang=en

Topic: Food Prices
https://briefly.co.za/30382-swazi-culture-food-people-beliefs-traditional-attire-wedding-ceremony-facts.html
https://theculturetrip.com/africa/swaziland/articles/10-delicious-swazi-foods-you-have-to-try
https://xplrverse.com/budget-travel-guide-to-eswatini-2025-how-to-experience-africas-hidden-gem-for-under-30-a-day/
https://hikersbay.com/prices/swaziland/mbabane?lang=en
https://trek.zone/en/country-comparison/prices/za/sz

Topic: Water Access
https://susafrica.com/2024/04/08/climate-action-water-stressed-swazi-rural-communities-rehabilitate-wetlands-to-alleviate-water-challenges/
https://www.ipsnews.net/2009/01/swaziland-simple-solution-save-rainwater/
https://www.aa.com.tr/en/africa/swazi-rural-villagers-save-threatened-wetland/2576183
https://www.ipsnews.net/2010/04/water-swazi-village-gets-a-self-sustaining-water-supply/
https://www.ipsnews.net/2009/07/swaziland-add-water-and-stir/

Topic: Water Access
https://susafrica.com/2024/04/08/climate-action-water-stressed-swazi-rural-communities-rehabilitate-wetlands-to-alleviate-water-challenges/
https://www.aa.com.tr/en/africa/swazi-rural-villagers-save-threatened-wetland/2576183
https://www.ipsnews.net/2009/01/swaziland-simple-solution-save-rainwater/
https://www.ipsnews.net/2010/04/water-swazi-village-gets-a-self-sustaining-water-supply/
https://www.ipsnews.net/2009/07/swaziland-add-water-and-stir/

Topic: Sports
https://swazilandnews.co.za/sports/
https://new.observer.org.sz/sports.php
https://eswatinipositivenews.com/category/sports/page/21/
https://www.africa-press.net/eswatini/all-news/swazi-bolt-hopeful-on-african-champs-olympics-paris
https://www.africa-press.net/eswatini/all-news/swazi-bolt-leads-4-athletes-for-cameroon-competitions

Topic: Sports
https://gsport.co.za/xolile-mabuza-aspires-to-be-first-black-female-to-commentate-in-siswati/
https://swazilandnews.co.za/sports/
https://www.citizen.co.za/mpumalanga-news/news-headlines/2015/04/08/sports-commentator-on-his-way-up/
https://fliphtml5.com/rqwew/wqaa/Eswatini_Observer_April_4_2025_edition/
https://fliphtml5.com/rqwew/lcjb/Eswatini_Observer_February_26_2025_edition/

Topic: Music
https://www.okayafrica.com/sands-swazi-singer-tigi-siswati-fashionable/
https://samap.ukzn.ac.za/audio-language/swazi
https://nyaminyamirecords.bandcamp.com/album/music-from-africa-vol-1-swazi-message-big-band-bash
https://folkways.si.edu/umgubo-regimental-songs-from-the-swazi-people-of-swaziland/world/music/album/smithsonian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zee_Nxumalo

Topic: Music
https://www.okayafrica.com/sands-swazi-singer-tigi-siswati-fashionable/
https://www.musicinafrica.net/magazine/traditional-music-swaziland
https://folkways.si.edu/umgubo-regimental-songs-from-the-swazi-people-of-swaziland/world/music/album/smithsonian
https://samap.ukzn.ac.za/audio-language/swazi
https://www.chosic.com/genre-chart/swazi-traditional/

Topic: Film Industry
https://hoodlum.tv/film-locations-in/filming-on-location-in-eswatini-swaziland/
https://screenaccess.blogspot.com/2016/02/feature-creating-sustainable-film-and.html
https://africanfixer.tv/filming-in-swaziland/
https://journeys.dartmouth.edu/sihlo-theatre/category/traditional-swazi-theatre-and-performance/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eswatini_Broadcasting_and_Information_Service

Topic: Film Industry
https://bumbamedia.com/
https://bumbamedia.com/about-us/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umshana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xolelwa_Nhlabatsi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zola_Maseko

Topic: Cultural Festivals
https://sncac.org.sz/upcoming-events/
https://www.goswaziland.co.sz/swaziland.php
https://www.swazilandhappenings.co.za/culturalandtraditions.htm
https://www.tourism-review.com/travel-tourism-magazine-discover-swaziland-heritage-festivals-and-wildlife-article1940
https://www.best-country.com/en/africa/swaziland/other_holiday

Topic: Cultural Festivals
https://uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/swati
https://www.tourism-review.com/travel-tourism-magazine-discover-swaziland-heritage-festivals-and-wildlife-article1940
https://mystiquegetaways.com/2024/06/16/discovering-eswatini/
https://supportblackcharities.org/event/sibaya-in-eswatini/
https://www.swazilandhappenings.co.za/culturalandtraditions.htm

Topic: Tourism
https://www.sibebe.co.sz
https://www.suninternational.com/royal-swazi-spa/
https://sadctourismalliance.org/destination/eswatini/
https://www.africa.com/swaziland-travel-guide/
https://www.swaziland-info.co.za/country/article/4387/discovering-swaziland-s-hidden-gems-journey-in-eswatini

Topic: Tourism
https://www.sibebe.co.sz
https://www.suninternational.com/royal-swazi-spa/
https://www.malolotja.com
https://www.mantengaculturalvillage.com
https://www.swazicandles.com

Topic: Infrastructure
https://www.afdb.org/en/documents/eswatini-eswatini-road-infrastructure-improvement-programme-phase-1-p-sz-d00-010
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/understanding-eswatini-the-intersection-of-modernity-and-cultural-roots-b7d516d5.html
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/cultural-heritage-and-modernization-in-eswatini-today-6c24c394.html
https://www.borgenproject.org/infrastructure-in-swaziland/
https://www.thefreelibrary.com/SWAZILAND+Steaming+into+the+big+time.-a079829761

Topic: Infrastructure
https://www.sce.sz/consulting/infrastructure/
https://www.6wresearch.com/industry-report/swaziland-infrastructure-construction-market
https://dcdeployed.com/data-center-owner-program-requirements-initial-basis-of-design-swaziland-sz/
https://ncsirt.org.sz/who-we-are/
https://www.pdbsmz.go.tz/sectors/infrastructures/

Topic: Road Projects
https://www.cic.co.sz/projects/register/20182019.php
https://swazidailynews.com/2025/02/21/government-builds-low-level-crossings-to-improve-rural-roads/
https://www.cic.co.sz/projects/register/index.php?fy=2022/2023
https://swazidailynews.com/2024/10/02/king-praises-inyatsi-for-timely-completion-of-first-world-gege-sicunusa-road/
https://swazidailynews.com/2024/05/03/inyatsi-makes-history-completes-e647-million-gege-sicunusa-ppp-road-project/

Topic: Road Projects
https://leaconsultant2023.azurewebsites.net/Our-Projects/Projects/Consultancy-Services-for-Update-of-Feasibility-Stu
https://constructafrica.com/news/eswatini-selects-consultant-northern-corridor-roadworks
https://www.africa-press.net/eswatini/all-news/road-upgrades-set-to-transform-hhohho
https://www.freightnews.co.za/article/eswatini-gets-serious-about-improving-road-network
https://www.freightnews.co.za/article/eswatini-celebrates-r500-million-interchange

Topic: Public Transport
https://www.iexplore.com/articles/travel-guides/africa/swaziland/transportation
https://www.places.co.za/info/general/swazi-visitors-information.html
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/history-language-culture/
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/getting-around/
https://ehalal.io/muslim-friendly-travel-2024/Eswatini

Topic: Public Transport
https://www.places.co.za/info/general/swazi-visitors-information.html
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/getting-around/
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/history-language-culture/
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/history-language-culture/
https://www.worldtravelguide.net/guides/africa/eswatini/getting-around/

Topic: Urban Development
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00220388.2015.1098632
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12132-001-0005-7
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/248140253_Urbanisation_in_Swaziland
https://www.academia.edu/76347384/Local_Governance_and_Traditional_Authority_in_the_Kingdom_of_Eswatini_The_Evolving_Tinkhundla_Regime
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html

Topic: Urban Development
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/00220388.2015.1098632
https://www.britannica.com/place/Eswatini/Settlement-patterns
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12132-001-0005-7
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manzini

Topic: Youth Empowerment
https://luvatsi.org/
https://eyep.org.sz/
https://moya.org.sz/youth-support/
https://www.enycydp.org/
https://www.shecodesfoundation.org/eswatini

Topic: Youth Empowerment
https://luvatsi.org/
https://luvatsi.org/about/
https://luvatsi.org/about/our-story/
https://alloutafrica.com/blog/empowering-youth-in-eswatini-through-entrepreneurship/
https://eswatini.un.org/en/261106-young-women-economic-empowerment-project-gives-young-women-eswatini-tools-run-successful

Topic: Job Creation
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://bilingualjobs.io/swazi
https://www.stepes.com/swazi-translation-jobs/
https://www.sahistory.org.za/archive/development-swazi-labour-market-1900-1968
https://www.southafrica.net/gl/en/corporate/press/south-africa-tourism-can-be-the-catalyst-for-rapid-job-creation-in-south-africa-says-minister-kubayi-ngubane

Topic: Job Creation
https://www.undp.org/eswatini/press-releases/msme-policy-aims-boost-job-creation-and-economic-growth
https://swazidailynews.com/2025/01/17/pm-urges-action-on-job-creation-as-unemployment-rate-still-at-35-4/
https://khutsala.com/blogs/news/how-khutsala-artisans-is-increasing-employment-and-empowerment-1
https://business-eswatini.co.sz/business-eswatini-and-tucoswa-to-hold-dialogue-for-jobs/
https://www.gov.za/ts/issues/job-creation

Topic: Trade Agreements
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/eswatini-trade-agreements
https://www.sacu.int/what-we-do/sacu-agreements
https://itdswaziland.org/agreements/
https://www.ers.org.sz/CustomExcise/FreeTrade
https://investeswatini.org.sz/aftercare/

Topic: Trade Agreements
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/eswatini-trade-agreements
https://www.sacu.int/what-we-do/sacu-agreements
https://itdswaziland.org/agreements/
https://investeswatini.org.sz/why-trade-in-eswatini/
https://www.ers.org.sz/CustomExcise/FreeTrade

Topic: Market Prices
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/maize/
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/vegetables/
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/sorghum/
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/beef/
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/gold/

Topic: Market Prices
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/maize/
https://www.selinawamucii.com/insights/prices/eswatini/vegetables/
https://xplrverse.com/budget-travel-guide-to-eswatini-2025-how-to-experience-africas-hidden-gem-for-under-30-a-day/
https://www.modernoverland.com/south-africa/swaziland/mbabane/swazi-market/
https://www.tripadvisor.co.za/Attraction_Review-g297900-d9870271-Reviews-Manzini_Market-Manzini_Manzini_District.html

Topic: Currency Inflation
https://tradingeconomics.com/swaziland/inflation-cpi
https://tradingeconomics.com/swaziland/currency
https://www.forbes.com/advisor/money-transfer/currency-converter/zar-szl/
https://investeswatini.org.sz/quick-facts/
https://www.iol.co.za/business-report/economy/swazi-currency-belies-the-truth-1536324

Topic: Currency Inflation
https://tradingeconomics.com/swaziland/inflation-cpi
https://tradingeconomics.com/swaziland/currency
https://bti-project.org/en/reports/country-report/SWZ
https://www.iol.co.za/business-report/economy/swazi-currency-belies-the-truth-1536324
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/forex/s/szl-swaziland-lilangeni.asp

Topic: Fuel Supply
https://swazidailynews.com/2023/01/04/logistical-issues-causing-fuel-shortage-minister/
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/component/content/article/482-petroleum?Itemid=361
https://eswatinireview.com/energy/
https://www.dnb.com/business-directory/company-information.gasoline_stations_and_fuel_dealers.sz.html
https://swazidailynews.com/2023/01/04/logistical-issues-causing-fuel-shortage-minister/

Topic: Fuel Supply
https://swazidailynews.com/2023/01/04/logistical-issues-causing-fuel-shortage-minister/
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/component/content/article/482-petroleum?Itemid=361
https://www.dnb.com/business-directory/company-information.gasoline_stations_and_fuel_dealers.sz.html
https://jmatchparser.sourceforge.io/factbook/mobile/wz.html
https://academickids.com/world/geos/wz.html

Topic: Climate Change
https://eea.org.sz/climate-change/
https://climateadaptationeswatini.weebly.com/
https://swazimet.gov.sz/index.php?page=climatechange
https://www.afrobarometer.org/publication/ad226-eswatini-citizens-see-more-severe-weather-almost-half-are-not-aware-climate/
https://climate-laws.org/document/eswatini-s-adaptation-communication_edc8

Topic: Climate Change
https://unisapressjournals.co.za/index.php/SAJFS/article/view/1264
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11967728/
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/erev.12299
https://www.sciencepublishinggroup.com/article/10.11648/10006716
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10584-023-03536-x

Topic: Drought
https://www.downtoearth.org.in/africa/swazi-women-subsistence-farmers-put-their-trust-in-indigenous-seeds-to-evade-crippling-el-nino-drought
https://eswatini.un.org/en/17581-swaziland-responding-drought
https://www.iol.co.za/news/africa/drought-affects-swaziland-in-food-security-2069346
https://www.usaid.gov/news/dire-drought-creates-crisis-swaziland
https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/news/2003/12/31/drought-emergency-hits-food-security

Topic: Flooding
https://web.saropa.com/emergency-sz
https://www.ipsnews.net/2011/01/swaziland-heavy-rains-welcome-in-the-mountain-kingdom/
https://disasterscharter.org/activations/landslide-in-south-africa-activation-755-
https://www.ceicdata.com/en/eswatini/land-use-protected-areas-and-national-wealth/sz-droughts-floods-extreme-temperatures-average-19902009--of-population
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Languages_of_Swaziland

Topic: Flooding
https://swazidailynews.com/2025/01/13/eswatinis-dam-levels-surge-following-heavy-rainfall/
https://fliphtml5.com/rqwew/ntgb/Eswatini_Observer_January_8_2025_edition/
https://today.co.sz/2024/12/30/home-affairs-re-opens-ndzevane-to-cope-with-new-flood-of-mozambican-refugees/
https://www.swazilandnews.co.za/fundza.php?nguyiphi=8143
https://www.swazilandnews.co.za/fundza.php?nguyiphi=8154

Topic: Conservation
https://jimproctor.us/archive/envsalums/kkahn/attitudes-towards-conservation-in-swaziland/
https://www.sz.gov.cn/en_szgov/news/latest/content/post_10741601.html
https://yourbotswana.com/2020/09/09/botswana-south-africa-and-zimbabwe-unite-to-save-endangered-vultures/
https://tz.chm-cbd.net/en/conservation-measures
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jozani_Chwaka_Bay_National_Park

Topic: Conservation
https://www.sz.gov.cn/en_szgov/news/latest/content/post_10741601.html
https://yourbotswana.com/2020/09/09/botswana-south-africa-and-zimbabwe-unite-to-save-endangered-vultures/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jozani_Chwaka_Bay_National_Park
https://portals.iucn.org/library/node/19535
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selous_Game_Reserve

Topic: Wildlife
https://www.safaribookings.com/eswatini/wildlife
https://www.africansky.com/african-travel/south-africa/destinations/swaziland
https://www.earth-site.co.uk/Education/eswatini/
https://observervoice.com/discovering-the-wonders-of-eswatini-53521/
https://ossifymedia.com/swaziland-lets-explore-the-kingdom-of-eswatini/

Topic: Wildlife
https://www.biggameparks.org/mlilwane/
https://www.biggameparks.org/hlane/
https://www.biggameparks.org/mkhaya/
https://www.biggameparks.org/malolotja/
https://www.biggameparks.org/mbuluzi/

Topic: Deforestation
https://www.ipsnews.net/2005/04/environment-swaziland-indigenous-trees-facing-extinction/
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-at-the-expense-of-swazi-people
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-impacting-on-people-and-nature
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/321204783_Impact_of_Deforestation_on_Sustainable_Livelihoods_in_Low-Resourced_Areas_of_Thulamela_Local_Municipality_Implications_for_Practice
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/285939149_Nature_in_crisis_An_ecological_construction_and_conservation_of_the_environment_in_Swazi_oral_literature

Topic: Deforestation
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-at-the-expense-of-swazi-people
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-impacting-on-people-and-nature
https://www.fao.org/4/ac500e/ac500e01.htm
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/the-impact-of-deforestation-on-biodiversity-in-eswatini-ecff3e35.html
https://atlaiworld.com/en/country-profile/SWZ

Topic: Reforestation
https://afr100.org/country/eswatini
https://www.alloutafrica.org/reforestation.html
https://www.sciencepg.com/article/10.11648/j.scidev.20230403.13
https://www.africa-press.net/eswatini/all-news/reforestation-initiatives-in-africa-may-damage-grassland-and-savannah
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-impacting-on-people-and-nature

Topic: Reforestation
https://afr100.org/country/eswatini
https://www.alloutafrica.org/reforestation.html
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2211912420300130
https://www.africa-press.net/eswatini/all-news/reforestation-initiatives-in-africa-may-damage-grassland-and-savannah
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/swaziland-timber-plantations-impacting-on-people-and-nature

Topic: Fishing Rights
https://www.masifundise.org.za/the-hook-4/
https://icsf.net/samudra/caught-in-a-net/
https://icsf.net/samudra/fishing-rights-vs-human-rights/
https://icsf.net/samudra/reincorpfish-news.html
https://icsf.net/samudra/africa.html

Topic: Fishing Rights
https://icsf.net/news/south-africa-court-gives-community-right-to-fish-without-permit/
https://icsf.net/news/south-africa-ruling-affirms-traditional-fishing-rights/
https://allafrica.com/stories/202311160048.html
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/03057070.2021.1893989
https://www.stevenwadeadams.com/blog/traditional-fishing-in-south-africa

Topic: Land Ownership
https://www.fao.org/4/ac850e/ac850e08.htm
https://www.fao.org/4/x1372T/x1372t08.htm
https://politicaleconomy.org.za/2018/05/eswatini-land-reform-and-rural-transformation-overview/
https://www.encyclopedia.com/places/africa/swaziland-political-geography/swaziland
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swazi_Nation_Land

Topic: Land Ownership
https://www.fao.org/4/ac850e/ac850e08.htm
https://www.fao.org/4/x1372T/x1372t08.htm
https://eswatinilii.org/akn/sz/act/1946/2/eng@1998-12-01
https://africa.peacelink.org/newsfromafrica/articles/art_7884.html
https://mgz.com.tw/2024/09/07/land-rights-and-property-law-in-eswatini-navigating-traditional-and-modern-systems/

Topic: Women's Rights
https://www.ruralwomensassembly.org/rwa-swaziland/
https://www.ipsnews.net/2010/03/rights-swaziland-property-rights-at-last-for-women/
https://www.peacewomen.org/content/swaziland-womens-equality-theory-not-practice
https://www.ipsnews.net/2008/09/rights-swazi-law-and-custom-under-pressure/
https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/news/2013/01/03/swazi-women-find-strength-numbers

Topic: Women's Rights
https://www.wlsaswaziland.co.sz/
https://www.ruralwomensassembly.org/rwa-swaziland/
https://www.polity.org.za/article/eswatinis-married-women-gain-equality-to-their-husbands-following-court-ruling-2019-09-03
https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2016/country-chapters/swaziland-0
https://www.amnesty.org/en/location/africa/southern-africa/eswatini/report-eswatini/

Topic: Child Welfare
https://naticc.org.sz/cpwa/
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/departments-sp-767085135/social-welfare-department
https://sos.org.sz/child-protection/
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/services-sp-1555537477
https://swazikids.org/

Topic: Child Welfare
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/departments-sp-767085135/social-welfare-department
https://naticc.org.sz/cpwa/
https://journals.co.za/doi/full/10.10520/ejc-linga_v22_n1_a4
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC6476397/
https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/news/2008/06/10/compelling-communities-end-child-abuse

Topic: Religious Tensions
https://www.aciafrica.org/news/5904/churches-in-swaziland-decry-authorities-excessive-use-of-force-in-protracted-conflict
https://www.vaticannews.va/en/church/news/2023-02/eswatini-violence-thulani-maseko-bishop-ponce-de-leon.html
https://sdnewsweek.wordpress.com/2020/11/21/eswatini-cops-put-muslims-under-surveilance/
https://acninternational.org/religiousfreedomreport/reports/country/2023/eswatini-swaziland
https://www.fides.org/en/news/70507-AFRICA_ESWATINI_In_a_worrying_social_and_economic_situation_the_Churches_strive_to_dialogue_with_everyone

Topic: Religious Tensions
https://sdnewsweek.wordpress.com/2020/11/21/eswatini-cops-put-muslims-under-surveilance/
https://www.ecoi.net/en/document/2074053.html
https://www.ecoi.net/en/document/1436823.html
https://www.ecoi.net/en/document/2051551.html
https://www.ecoi.net/en/document/2092204.html

Topic: Peacebuilding
https://womenunlimited.africa/project/amplifying-womens-voices-in-peace-making-processes-in-eswatini/
https://africa.peacelink.org/newsfromafrica/articles/art_6880.html
https://sdinet.org/2013/06/lessons-from-swaziland/
https://gppac.net/news/growing-crisis-eswatini-local-peacebuilders-response
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/department/88-foreign-affairs-a-international-cooperation

Topic: Peacebuilding
https://womenunlimited.africa/project/amplifying-womens-voices-in-peace-making-processes-in-eswatini/
https://sdinet.org/2013/06/lessons-from-swaziland/
https://africa.peacelink.org/newsfromafrica/articles/art_6880.html
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/towards-an-indigenous-model-of-conflict-resolution/
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/informal-peacebuilding-initiatives-in-africa/

Topic: Regional Cooperation
https://www.ipsnews.net/2002/04/development-swazi-dam-a-lesson-in-regional-cooperation/
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/department/88-foreign-affairs-a-international-cooperation
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/eswatini-a-comprehensive-overview-of-foreign-relations-9668b488.html
https://www.sadcgov.com/eswatini
https://www.afro.who.int/publications/country-cooperation-strategy-glance-swaziland

Topic: Regional Cooperation
https://www.afro.who.int/publications/country-cooperation-strategy-glance-swaziland
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/departments-sp-1832997396/regional-administration
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/department/88-foreign-affairs-a-international-cooperation
https://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/africa/sw-forrel.htm
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/eswatini-in-african-history-585cfba1.html

Topic: Migration
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/about-us-sp-15933109/who-we-are
https://encyclopaediaafricana.com/exhibition/eswatini/
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.southafrica.net/gl/en/travel/article/the-swazi-people
https://mg.co.za/article/2017-03-14-the-swazi-and-mozambican-migrant-scholars-of-mpumalangas-border-towns/

Topic: Migration
https://uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/swati
https://www.ourhistory.org.uk/the-history-of-eswatini/
https://www.articlesfactory.com/articles/social-issues/saving-the-swazi-language-and-culture.html
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/the-swazi-and-mozambican-migrant-scholars-of-mpumalangas-border-towns/
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/swazi-migrants-in-johannesburg-quiet-living/

Topic: Diaspora
https://swazidiaspora.blogspot.com/
https://www.folio-online.co.za/languages/siswati/
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people
https://www.southafrica.net/gl/en/travel/article/the-swazi-people
https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/what-languages-are-spoken-in-swaziland.html

Topic: Diaspora
https://swazidiaspora.blogspot.com/
https://swaziland579.wordpress.com/2016/12/07/languages-of-swaziland/
https://language-inc.org/2022/11/18/siswati-swazi-in-south-africa/
https://www.academia.edu/113570176/Swazi_migrants_in_Johannesburg_quiet_living
https://www.southafrica.net/gl/en/travel/article/the-swazi-people

Topic: Local Elections
https://www.timeslive.co.za/news/africa/2023-09-29-eswatini-holds-parliamentary-elections-under-monarchs-control/
https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/sadc-au-sign-off-on-eswatinis-undemocratic-election-20231002
https://www.news24.com/news24/africa/news/eswatini-gears-up-for-democratic-elections-this-friday-with-no-parties-and-an-absolute-monarch-20230928
https://www.africanews.com/2023/09/29/eswatini-voters-cast-their-ballots-in-legislative-elections//
https://new.observer.org.sz/details.php?id=21230

Topic: Local Elections
https://www.elections.org.sz/2023/events-calendar/
https://www.elections.org.sz/2023/electoral-process/
https://www.elections.org.sz/2023/about-us/
https://www.elections.org.sz/2023/previous-reports/
https://www.elections.org.sz/2023/

Topic: Traditional Leaders
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/about-us-sp-15933109/who-we-are
https://www.swazilandhappenings.co.za/culturalandtraditions.htm
https://uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/swati
https://briefly.co.za/30382-swazi-culture-food-people-beliefs-traditional-attire-wedding-ceremony-facts.html
https://answersafrica.com/swazi-culture-the-language-food-and-tradition-of-swati-people.html

Topic: Traditional Leaders
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/about-us-sp-15933109/who-we-are
https://www.swazilandhappenings.co.za/culturalandtraditions.htm
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people
https://www.swazilandhappenings.co.za/culturalandtraditions.htm
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Swazi-people

Topic: Food Security
https://www.gov.sz/index.php/ministries-departments/ministry-of-agriculture
https://swazidailynews.com/2024/10/06/304000-emaswati-experiencing-food-shortages/
https://avrdc.org/addressing-global-food-insecurity-in-eswatini/
https://www.wfp.org/operations/sz02-eswatini-country-strategic-plan-2020-2024
https://leap.unep.org/en/countries/sz/national-legislation/national-food-security-policy-swaziland

Topic: Food Security
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/14696053221117467
https://tunukamedia.wordpress.com/2020/12/16/sishwala-and-samp-eswatini/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/281424145_Methods_of_Preparation_of_Swazi_Traditional_Fermented_Foods
https://thegrace.co.za/swazi-traditional-food/
https://openknowledge.fao.org/handle/20.500.14283/cc1031en/

Topic: Textile Industry
https://eswatinikualalumpur.org/trade/textile/
https://www.dnb.com/business-directory/company-information.textile_mills.sz.html
https://www.dnb.com/business-directory/company-profiles.tqm_textile_swaziland_(pty)_ltd.b75c5415503cc9e65289e345c88d1568.html
https://www.yarnsandfibers.com/news/textile-news/eu-duty-free-market-to-help-swaziland-textile-industry-retain-its-vibrancy/
https://www.howwemadeitinafrica.com/swaziland-economic-overview/2982/

Topic: Textile Industry
https://www.ruskinfelix.com/swz/the-growing-importance-of-textiles-in-eswatini
https://eswatinikualalumpur.org/trade/textile/
https://swazilandkualalumpur.org/trade_investment/index.php
https://www.artisansatheart.org/artisans/artisan_category/swaziland/
https://www.solidaritycenter.org/survey-reveals-abuse-of-textile-workers-in-swaziland/

