Topic: Elections
https://www.elections.org.za/content/new.aspx?id=1958
https://www.elections.org.za/content/new.aspx?id=1503
https://www.elections.org.za/content/new.aspx?id=1485
https://www.elections.org.za/content/new.aspx?id=1958
https://www.elections.org.za/content/new.aspx?id=1503

Topic: Education
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors-south-africa
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors-western-cape
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors-cape-town
https://www.teachme2.com/online-tsonga-tutors
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors

Topic: Education
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors-south-africa
https://www.teachme2.com/tsonga-tutors-cape-town
https://www.teachme2.com/online-tsonga-tutors
https://www.teachme2.com/en-za/tsonga-tutors-south-africa
https://www.teachme2.com/online-tsonga-tutors

Topic: Healthcare
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tsonga
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/377858077_Traditional_medicine_and_religious_approaches_in_adapting_to_maternal_and_infant_health_threats_among_Zimbabwean_migrant_women_in_Giyani_South_Africa
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/316855505_The_medical_ethnobotanical_knowledge_of_the_Tsonga-Shangana_in_Bushbuckridge_Mpumalanga_South_Africa
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16958262/
https://www.encyclopedia.com/humanities/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/tsonga

Topic: Healthcare
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tsonga
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/377858077_Traditional_medicine_and_religious_approaches_in_adapting_to_maternal_and_infant_health_threats_among_Zimbabwean_migrant_women_in_Giyani_South_Africa
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/316855505_The_medical_ethnobotanical_knowledge_of_the_Tsonga-Shangana_in_Bushbuckridge_Mpumalanga_South_Africa
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/16958262/
https://www.emerald.com/insight/content/doi/10.1108/978-1-80262-251-520231019/full/html

Topic: Agriculture
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tsonga
https://www.encyclopedia.com/humanities/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/tsonga
https://www.joshuaproject.net/people_groups/15596/WZ

Topic: Agriculture
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tsonga
https://www.encyclopedia.com/humanities/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/tsonga/
https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/tsonga

Topic: Food Prices
https://businesstech.co.za/news/lifestyle/805957/food-prices-in-south-africa-skyrocket-over-five-years/

Topic: Food Prices
https://businesstech.co.za/news/lifestyle/748724/6-food-items-with-prices-that-have-rocketed-by-over-60-in-south-africa/

Topic: Water Access
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://www.iwmi.org/blogs/how-sharing-water-management-benefits-south-african-villages/
https://www.sahistory.org.za/place/thulamela-local-municipality
https://southafrica.co.za/social-organisation-of-the-tsonga.html

Topic: Water Access
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/social-organisation-of-the-tsonga.html
https://www.sahistory.org.za/place/thulamela-local-municipality
https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/journal-of-african-history/article/water-and-history-in-southern-africa/483D09926B78DCC7E9D31FF56E24EA34
https://www.iwmi.org/blogs/how-sharing-water-management-benefits-south-african-villages/

Topic: Sports
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/krugerpark-times-2-9-tsonga-dancers.html
https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/sport/18198/tsonga-wins-in-south-africa
https://www.shutterstock.com/search/tsonga
https://www.olympics.com/en/athletes/jo-wilfried-tsonga

Topic: Music
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za
https://www.estam.co.za
https://tsongatremors.bandcamp.com/album/tsonga-tremors-explorations-in-tradition-technology-south-african-dance-music-1983-1991
https://www.southafrica.net/tz/en/travel/article/the-shangaan-tsonga-people
https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/sho-madjozi-heritage-africa-marginalisation/

Topic: Music
https://www.estam.co.za/
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za/
https://music.apple.com/za/album/tsonga-people-xitsonga-mix-2024-single/1735172571
https://tsongatremors.bandcamp.com/album/tsonga-tremors-explorations-in-tradition-technology-south-african-dance-music-1983-1991
https://www.universalproductionmusic.com/en-row/discover/albums/27160/tsonga-and-shangaan-disco-high-energy-xitsonga-music#id-1579535

Topic: Film Industry
https://www.bizcommunity.com/article/sas-film-industry-attracts-over-r5bn-foreign-investment-boosting-tourism-922474a
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article

Topic: Film Industry
https://www.bizcommunity.com/article/sas-film-industry-attracts-over-r5bn-foreign-investment-boosting-tourism-922474a
https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/sho-madjozi-heritage-africa-marginalisation/
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article
https://www.screendaily.com/features/south-africa-is-aiming-to-become-a-global-player-in-the-film-and-tv-sector/5193709.article

Topic: Cultural Festivals
https://chivaycountrycottages.co.za/2024/07/31/local-festivals-and-events-in-limpopo-you-dont-want-to-miss/
https://phalaborwa.co.za/exploring-phalaborwas-local-traditions/
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-traditional-music-and-instruments-tsonga-music-festivals-calendar
https://www.scrivener.co.zw/arts-and-entertainment/tsonga-shangani-p-cultural-festival-and-the-gaza-trust/
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-dance-styles-and-performances-tsonga-traditional-dance-performances

Topic: Cultural Festivals
https://chivaycountrycottages.co.za/2024/07/31/local-festivals-and-events-in-limpopo-you-dont-want-to-miss/
https://phalaborwa.co.za/exploring-phalaborwas-local-traditions/
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-traditional-music-and-instruments-tsonga-music-festivals-calendar
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-dance-styles-and-performances-tsonga-traditional-dance-performances
https://www.scrivener.co.zw/arts-and-entertainment/tsonga-shangani-p-cultural-festival-and-the-gaza-trust/

Topic: Tourism
https://explore.golimpopo.com/listing/muti-wa-vatsonga-open-air-museum/
https://www.afritraveller.com/post/2019/04/04/tourism-shishangeni-by-bon-hotels-introduces-village-tours
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/krugerpark-times-2-9-tsonga-dancers.html
https://www.iinfo.co.za/blog-category/tourism
https://southafrica.co.za/kruger-national-park-tsonga-treat.html

Topic: Tourism
https://explore.golimpopo.com/listing/muti-wa-vatsonga-open-air-museum/
https://www.afritraveller.com/post/2019/04/04/tourism-shishangeni-by-bon-hotels-introduces-village-tours
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/krugerpark-times-2-9-tsonga-dancers.html
https://southafrica.co.za/kruger-national-park-tsonga-treat.html
https://www.iinfo.co.za/blog-category/tourism

Topic: Infrastructure
https://www.reuters.com/world/africa/south-africa-aims-attract-more-private-investment-into-infrastructure-2024-10-30/

Topic: Infrastructure
https://www.reuters.com/world/africa/south-africa-aims-attract-more-private-investment-into-infrastructure-2024-10-30/

Topic: Road Projects
https://infrastructuresa.org/construction_book/tsojana-to-tsomo-crushing-materials/
https://infrastructuresa.org/construction_book/tsomo-to-quamanco-phase-2/
https://www.afrisam.co.za/media-zone/roads-bridges-feature-in-construction-world-january-2024/
https://brandsouthafrica.com/105597/brand-south-africa/south-africas-r22bn-pothole-repair-programme/
https://capetown.today/road-z422-a-game-changer-for-rural-south-africa/

Topic: Road Projects
https://infrastructuresa.org/construction_book/tsojana-to-tsomo-crushing-materials/
https://infrastructuresa.org/construction_book/tsomo-to-quamanco-phase-2/
https://brandsouthafrica.com/105597/brand-south-africa/south-africas-r22bn-pothole-repair-programme/
https://www.afrisam.co.za/media-zone/roads-bridges-feature-in-construction-world-january-2024/
https://www.satorinews.com/articles/2024-02-07/operation-valazonke-paving-the-way-for-smoother-journeys-in-south-africa-178879

Topic: Public Transport
https://www.onlinetransport.co.za/
https://www.southafrica.net/za/en/travel/article/transport-in-south-africa
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za/
https://www.southafrica.net/za/en/travel/article/transport-in-south-africa
https://www.southafrica.net/za/en/travel/article/transport-in-south-africa

Topic: Public Transport
https://www.onlinetransport.co.za/

Topic: Urban Development
https://ntonga.africa/infrastructure-urban-development/

Topic: Urban Development
https://ntonga.africa/infrastructure-urban-development/

Topic: Youth Empowerment
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za

Topic: Youth Empowerment
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za
https://www.youpsa.org
https://www.youthbridgetrust.org
https://www.culturalsurvival.org/publications/cultural-survival-quarterly/sparking-creative-essence-youth-south-africa
https://wildtrust.co.za/youth-empowerment-and-capacity-building-for-conservation/

Topic: Job Creation
https://www.gov.za/ts/issues/job-creation
https://www.itweb.co.za/article/green-energy-to-support-job-creation-in-sa/lwrKxv3YoLmMmg1o
https://trialogueknowledgehub.co.za/social-enterprises-hold-promise-for-job-creation-in-africa/
https://startupmag.co.za/2022/08/thriving-township-businesses-are-crucial-to-job-creation-and-socio-economic-growth/
https://briefly.co.za/editorial/explainer/133662-explained-how-township-businesses-essential-job-creation-south-africa-generate-r400-billion/

Topic: Job Creation
https://www.gov.za/ts/issues/job-creation
https://www.itweb.co.za/article/green-energy-to-support-job-creation-in-sa/lwrKxv3YoLmMmg1o
https://trialogueknowledgehub.co.za/social-enterprises-hold-promise-for-job-creation-in-africa/
https://www.itweb.co.za/article/mtn-south-africa-created-over-146k-jobs-in-2021/DZQ58vV8wKVMzXy2
https://startupmag.co.za/2022/08/thriving-township-businesses-are-crucial-to-job-creation-and-socio-economic-growth/

Topic: Market Prices
https://www.joburgmarket.co.za/jhb-market/dailyprices.php
https://kuronga.com/blog/2024-06-28-market-prices/
https://kuronga.com/blog/2024-07-05-market-prices/
https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=South+Africa&country2=Tonga
https://shoebox.co.za/collections/tsonga-on-sale

Topic: Market Prices
https://shoebox.co.za/collections/tsonga-on-sale
https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=South+Africa&country2=Tonga
https://www.joburgmarket.co.za/jhb-market/dailyprices.php
https://www.zando.co.za/womens-shoes/tsonga/
https://giantsview.co.za/tsonga-african-handcrafted-quality/

Topic: Fuel Supply
https://tracks4africa.co.za/listings/item/w163365/astroncaltex-fuel-stop-tonga/
https://bohlaleenergy.co.za/
https://southcoenergy.com/
https://www.ubuntufuels.co.za/
https://www.fuelzonesa.co.za/understanding-south-africas-fuel-supply-chain/

Topic: Fuel Supply
https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/vivo-energy-invest-over-550-mln-south-africa-minister-says-2024-05-22/
https://www.reuters.com/markets/commodities/thungela-ceo-sees-south-africa-coal-exports-rebounding-rail-improves-2024-08-19/
https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/glencores-south-african-refinery-invests-cleaner-fuels-2025-03-26/
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-10-14/south-africa-s-rising-fuel-imports-cause-supply-shortage-risk
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-04-23/totalenergies-eyes-south-africa-fuel-trade-with-imports-surging

Topic: Climate Change
https://wits.journalism.co.za/climate-in-my-culture/
https://presscouncil.org.za/2025/02/06/in-my-culture-project-seeks-to-break-language-barriers-in-climate-action/
https://www.greenpeace.org/africa/en/blogs/54171/climate-change-in-south-africa-21-stunning-facts-about-south-africas-climate-breakdown/
https://www.foodformzansi.co.za/southern-africa-in-the-throes-of-climate-change/
https://www.carbonbrief.org/the-carbon-brief-profile-south-africa/

Topic: Climate Change
https://wits.journalism.co.za/climate-in-my-culture/

Topic: Drought
https://www.agbiz.co.za/blog/details/the-effects-of-the-recent-drought-are-starting-to-bite-consumers-in-southern-afri

Topic: Drought
https://www.agbiz.co.za/blog/details/the-effects-of-the-recent-drought-are-starting-to-bite-consumers-in-southern-afri
https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/13/13/7524
https://www.ajol.info/index.php/indilinga/article/view/108749

Topic: Flooding
https://www.iol.co.za/saturday-star/news/9-dead-as-severe-rain-flooding-hit-south-africa-a2db8324-8a03-4941-a24a-8a286e6bc149
https://allafrica.com/stories/202503190083.html
https://apnews.com/article/south-africa-storms-floods-cape-town-3be223aee333da1fe441730f76cedfb9
https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/africa/death-toll-in-south-africa-passes-300-following-several-days-of-floods-1.4852607
https://www.foxnews.com/world/south-africa-flooding-deaths-troops-sent-help-relief-efforts

Topic: Flooding
https://www.iol.co.za/saturday-star/news/9-dead-as-severe-rain-flooding-hit-south-africa-a2db8324-8a03-4941-a24a-8a286e6bc149

Topic: Conservation
https://www.stevenwadeadams.com/blog/traditional-fishing-in-south-africa
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/article/paid-content-wildlife-wonders-connecting-a-new-generation-with-south-africas-iconic-species
https://www.academia.edu/73513545/Authenticity_lost_The_significance_of_cultural_villages_in_the_conservation_of_heritage_in_South_Africa
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/21564574.2023.2261021
https://www.sahistory.org.za/francofrescura/historical-conservation-styles.html

Topic: Conservation
https://www.stevenwadeadams.com/blog/traditional-fishing-in-south-africa
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/article/paid-content-wildlife-wonders-connecting-a-new-generation-with-south-africas-iconic-species
https://www.flickr.com/photos/133876835@N08/51834681555/
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/21564574.2023.2261021
https://www.mexicohistorico.com/paginas/mozambique-and-the-tsonga-heritage-a-cultural-journey-6d0afd35.html

Topic: Wildlife
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/article/paid-content-wildlife-wonders-connecting-a-new-generation-with-south-africas-iconic-species
https://www.stevenwadeadams.com/blog/traditional-fishing-in-south-africa
https://southafrican-wildlife.blogspot.com/2008/10/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/133876835@N08/51834681555/
https://kusungula.com/travel/bush-and-lions/

Topic: Wildlife
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_sitatunga.html
https://www.stevenwadeadams.com/blog/traditional-fishing-in-south-africa
https://southafrican-wildlife.blogspot.com/2008/10/
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/article/paid-content-wildlife-wonders-connecting-a-new-generation-with-south-africas-iconic-species
https://www.flickr.com/photos/133876835@N08/51834681555/

Topic: Deforestation
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://journals.co.za/doi/abs/10.10520/EJC96656
https://carbongreeninvestments.com/tackling-southern-africas-deforestation-challenge-a-call-to-action/
https://climatetransform.com/climate-change-in-south-africa-effects-of-deforestation/

Topic: Deforestation
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://journals.co.za/doi/abs/10.10520/EJC96656
https://www.climatescorecard.org/2024/11/urbanization-farming-and-mining-have-reduced-south-africas-forest-stock/
https://www.wrm.org.uy/bulletin-articles/south-africa-grassland-ecosystem-destruction-by-tree-plantations

Topic: Reforestation
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://www.dffe.gov.za/KwaNibelaSandReforestationProgramme
https://www.reforestaction.com/en/projects/3143
https://journals.co.za/doi/abs/10.10520/EJC96656

Topic: Reforestation
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-sustainable-agriculture-practices
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-agricultural-practices-and-farming-techniques-tsonga-farming-innovations-showcase
https://trees.org.za/tag/reforestation/
https://www.dffe.gov.za/KwaNibelaSandReforestationProgramme
https://www.reforestaction.com/en/projects/3143

Topic: Fishing Rights
https://www.masifundise.org/taking-a-look-at-kosi-bay/

Topic: Land Ownership
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://www.encyclopedia.com/humanities/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/tsonga/
https://southafrica.co.za/the-traditional-economy-of-the-tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/social-organisation-of-the-tsonga.html
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tsonga

Topic: Land Ownership
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/the-traditional-economy-of-the-tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/social-organisation-of-the-tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/the-traditional-economy-of-the-tsonga.html
https://southafrica.co.za/social-organisation-of-the-tsonga.html

Topic: Women's Rights
https://www.timeslive.co.za/news/south-africa/2013-05-30-rights-of-tsonga-first-wives-confirmed/

Topic: Women's Rights
https://www.timeslive.co.za/news/south-africa/2013-05-30-rights-of-tsonga-first-wives-confirmed/
https://za.boell.org/en/2013/06/06/constitutional-court-considers-consent-polygynous-customary-marriages-gender-justice
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_shangaan_tsonga.html
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tsonga

Topic: Child Welfare
https://www.childwelfaresa.org.za/

Topic: Child Welfare
https://www.childwelfaresa.org.za/

Topic: Religious Tensions
https://hts.org.za/index.php/hts/article/view/10030/27865
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02533950408628685
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://discovery.researcher.life/article/negotiating-conflict-through-music-the-case-of-the-tsonga-tingoma-ritual/0720586d88b13614a8b3f05800719bd9
https://hts.org.za/index.php/hts/article/view/6802/20745

Topic: Religious Tensions
https://hts.org.za/index.php/hts/article/view/10030/27865
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/02533950408628685
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://discovery.researcher.life/article/negotiating-conflict-through-music-the-case-of-the-tsonga-tingoma-ritual/0720586d88b13614a8b3f05800719bd9
https://hts.org.za/index.php/hts/article/view/6802/20745

Topic: Peacebuilding
https://www.accord.org.za/news/peacebuilding-in-africa-evolving-challenges-responses-and-new-thinking/peacebuilding-in-africa-evolving-challenges-responses-and-new-thinking-2/
https://www.up.ac.za/political-sciences/news/post_3262238-south-africas-untapped-peace-builders-women-traditional-leaders
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/african-approaches-to-building-peace-and-social-solidarity/
https://www.unisa.ac.za/sites/corporate/default/Thabo-Mbeki-African-School-of-Public-and-International-Affairs/News-and-Events/News/The-state-of-peacebuilding:--African-perspectives
https://www.unicef.org/southafrica/press-releases/peacebuilding-dialogues-and-podcast-put-children-and-young-peoples-voices-center

Topic: Regional Cooperation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_Free_Trade_Zone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benguela_Current_Commission
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_African_Customs_Union
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tripartite_Free_Trade_Area
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southern_African_Development_Community

Topic: Regional Cooperation
https://www.munghanalonenefm.co.za
https://www.sadc.int
https://www.sacu.int
https://www.sanews.gov.za/south-africa/sa-contributing-stability-efforts-africa
https://www.gcis.gov.za/newsroom/media-releases/international-cooperation-trade-and-security-cluster-media-briefing-3

Topic: Migration
https://www.twinkl.com/teaching-wiki/origins-of-the-tsonga-people
https://kids.britannica.com/kids/article/Tsonga/605171
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_shangaan_tsonga.html
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tsonga
https://www.vivmag.co.za/archives/10357

Topic: Migration
https://www.twinkl.co.za/teaching-wiki/origins-of-the-tsonga-people
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tsonga
https://kids.britannica.com/kids/article/Tsonga/605171
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_shangaan_tsonga.html
https://www.vivmag.co.za/archives/10357

Topic: Diaspora
https://www.citizen.co.za/rekord/uncategorized/2015/09/25/heritage-day-tsonga-south-africans/
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_shangaan_tsonga.html
https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/tsonga
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://af54.wordpress.com/2017/10/30/the-tsonga-people/2/

Topic: Diaspora
https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/tsonga
https://www.krugerpark.co.za/africa_shangaan_tsonga.html
https://www.southafrica.net/us/en/travel/article/the-shangaan-tsonga-people
https://www.101lasttribes.com/tribes/tsonga.html
https://af54.wordpress.com/2017/10/30/the-tsonga-people/2/

Topic: Local Elections
https://www.timeslive.co.za/politics/2021-11-03-elections-live-updates-/
https://www.iol.co.za/trends/local-government-elections
https://www.allafrica.com/stories/202408080098.html
https://www.zimlive.com/local-elections-vote-to-challenge-anc-dominance-in-south-africa/
https://www.newsday.com/news/nation/south-africa-elections-first-time-voters-unemployment-v71824

Topic: Local Elections
https://www.gov.za/about-sa/elections
https://www.elections.org.za/content/default.aspx/Home.aspx
https://www.iol.co.za/the-star/news/next-local-government-elections-set-for-late-2026-to-early-2027-aa9ade32-2fd2-48ca-b517-d7fb87fa23c3

Topic: Traditional Leaders
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-chiefs-history-research
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-tribal-governance-studies
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-biographies
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-tribal-governance-studies
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-tribal-governance-studies

Topic: Traditional Leaders
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-chiefs-history-research
https://southafrica.co.za/traditional-tsonga-political-structures.html
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-tribal-chiefs-and-leadership-tsonga-tribal-governance-studies
https://tsonga.org/tsonga-biographies
https://sahistory.org.za/article/tsonga

Topic: Food Security
https://www.dsti.gov.za/index.php/media-room/latest-news/3951-promoting-indigenous-foods-could-improve-food-security-in-southern-africa
https://agrifocusafrica.com/2025/02/14/indigenous-crops-could-boost-food-security-in-southern-africa/
https://hsrc.ac.za/news/covid-19-pandemic/indigenous-crops-a-critical-piece-of-south-africas-nutrition-security-puzzle/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/29806434_The_prevalence_of_use_and_value_of_wild_edible_herbs_in_south_africa
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7616219/

Topic: Food Security
https://www.dsti.gov.za/index.php/media-room/latest-news/3951-promoting-indigenous-foods-could-improve-food-security-in-southern-africa
https://agrifocusafrica.com/2025/02/14/indigenous-crops-could-boost-food-security-in-southern-africa/
https://hsrc.ac.za/news/covid-19-pandemic/indigenous-crops-a-critical-piece-of-south-africas-nutrition-security-puzzle/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/29806434_The_prevalence_of_use_and_value_of_wild_edible_herbs_in_South_Africa
https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC7616219/

Topic: Textile Industry
https://www.twanananitextiles.co.za/
https://tsongatextiles.co.za/about/
https://www.tygervalley.co.za/store/tsonga/62750
https://www.thinklocal.co.za/biz/tsonga-textiles-louis-trichardt
https://giantsview.co.za/tsonga-african-handcrafted-quality/

Topic: Textile Industry
https://www.twanananitextiles.co.za/
https://tsongatextiles.co.za/about/
https://www.tygervalley.co.za/store/tsonga/62750
https://ahmeds.co.za/collections/tsonga
https://giantsview.co.za/tsonga-african-handcrafted-quality/

