Topic: Elections
https://www.elections.org.za/content/For-Voters/How-to-Vote/How-to-Vote-in-Tswana
https://www.elections.org.za/content/For-Voters/Voter-Registration/Voter-Registration-in-Tswana
https://www.elections.org.za/content/For-Voters/Voter-Registration/Voter-Registration-Status-in-Tswana
https://www.elections.org.za/content/For-Voters/Voter-Registration/Voter-Registration-Statistics-in-Tswana
https://www.elections.org.za/content/For-Voters/Voter-Registration/Voter-Registration-Process-in-Tswana

Topic: Education
https://www.itraininginstitute.com/public/courses/foreign-language-courses/tswana-language-course
https://www.teachme2.com/en-za/online-tswana-tutors
https://www.teachme2.com/en-za/tswana-tutors-south-africa
https://www.teachme2.com/en-za/tswana-tutors-western-cape
https://www.teachme2.com/en-za/tswana-tutors-western-cape

Topic: Healthcare
https://dailynews.co.za/news/2024-09-30-bridging-the-healthcare-gap-in-rural-south-africa/
https://www.ajol.info/index.php/pamj/article/view/210353
https://www.tshembafoundation.org/
https://africanjournalofbiomedicalresearch.com/index.php/AJBR/article/view/263
https://www.eaglenews.ph/train-of-hope-brings-healthcare-to-south-africas-poor/

Topic: Agriculture
https://repository.up.ac.za/handle/2263/73208
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tswana
https://www.everyculture.com/Africa-Middle-East/Tswana-Economy.html
https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-tswana-people-and-their-way-of-life.html
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tswana

Topic: Food Prices
https://mg.co.za/business/2024-10-05-food-prices-skyrocketed-by-50-from-2020-to-2024/
https://iol.co.za/dailynews/2025-05-07-soaring-food-costs-squeeze-south-africans/
https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/news/2025-03-28-many-struggle-with-high-cost-of-food/
https://iol.co.za/business-report/economy/2025-02-26-household-food-affordability-shows-slight-decline-but-struggles-persist-for-low-income-families/
https://www.iol.co.za/lifestyle/food-and-restaurants/how-soaring-food-prices-challenge-south-africans-relying-on-social-grants-daf94c29-dec5-4782-933a-436367aa3a72

Topic: Water Access
https://limpopocommission.org/the-basin/people-and-the-river/people-of-the-basin/culture-and-water/
https://www.iwmi.org/blogs/how-sharing-water-management-benefits-south-african-villages/
https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/journal-of-african-history/article/water-and-history-in-southern-africa/483D09926B78DCC7E9D31FF56E24EA34
https://sacleanwater.com/the-surprising-history-of-water-innovation-in-south-africa-from-ancient-ingenuity-to-modern-marvels/
https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/frwa.2024.1468973/full

Topic: Sports
https://thetswanatimes.com/category/sports/

Topic: Music
http://www.motswedingfm.co.za/
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tswana
https://swp-records.bandcamp.com/album/tswana-and-sotho-voices
https://www.musicinafrica.net/directory/urban-tswana-cultural-group
https://folkways.si.edu/singing-games-from-the-tswana-speaking-tlharo-of-the-mafeking-district-south-africa/world/music/album/smithsonian

Topic: Film Industry
https://thetswanatimes.com/southern-africas-next-generation-of-film-tv-creators-multichoice-talent-factory-welcomes-class-of-2024/
https://gophrazy.com/services/voiceover/tswana-voice-over
https://golocalise.com/setswana-voice-over-agency/
https://emergefilmsolutions.com/country/botswana/
https://tauanafilms.com/

Topic: Cultural Festivals
https://www.musicinafrica.net/directory/guu-tjilenje-cultural-festival
https://www.travellocal.com/en/articles/culture-of-botswana
https://www.exoticca.com/us/africa/south-africa/botswana/events
https://www.gorillaugandasafaris.com/top-african-events-festivals-in-southern-africa-month-by-month-guide/
https://www.nac.org.za/preserving-and-celebrating-tswana-heritage/

Topic: Tourism
https://www.sanparks.org/parks/kgalagadi/
https://www.sanparks.org/parks/pilanesberg/
https://www.sanparks.org/parks/magaliesberg/
https://www.sanparks.org/parks/maria_moroka/
https://www.sanparks.org/parks/kweneng/

Topic: Infrastructure
https://www.sahistory.org.za/francofrescura/indiginous-tswana-architecture.html

Topic: Road Projects
https://taungdailynews.com/2023/10/04/a-r37m-road-project-to-benefit-the-residents/
https://centralnews.co.za/r250-million-road-development-to-transform-qwaqwa-declares-premier-dukwana/
https://www.ral.co.za/projects/
https://www.news24.com/citypress/news/sanral-to-invest-r740-million-in-eastern-cape-road-maintenance-projects-20240304
https://www.bizcommunity.com/article/sanral-project-empowers-local-contractors-in-south-africa-672101a

Topic: Public Transport
https://www.sekhukhunedistrict.gov.za/?q=node/158

Topic: Urban Development
https://www.sahistory.org.za/francofrescura/lectures_culture_transition_lecture2.html
https://www.ishs.org/ishs-article/1279_18
https://www.ajlajournal.org/articles/traditional-spatial-demarcation-and-formation-a-kgotla-setting-botswana
https://www.koozarch.com/interviews/speculating-tswana-spatiality-rural-futurisms-in-makgobistad
https://repository.up.ac.za/handle/2263/20072

Topic: Youth Empowerment
https://www.iamweareyouth.org/approach
https://leungoeducation.co.za/social-entrepreneur-launches-empowerment-programme-in-township-school/
https://leungoeducation.co.za/leungo-learning-circle-launches-youth-empowerment-programme-in-thembisa/
https://youpsa.org/programmes/
https://bantwana.org/project/siyakha-girls-economic-empowerment-initiative/

Topic: Job Creation
https://www.gov.za/ts/issues/job-creation
https://www.accord.org.za/ajcr-issues/community-work-programmes-as-job-creation-mechanism-a-case-of-tshwane-metropolitan-municipality/
https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/feature/2025/02/27/south-africa-s-wildlife-economy-generates-jobs-for-rural-communities
https://www.southafrica.net/gl/en/business/press/south-africa-tourism-can-be-the-catalyst-for-rapid-job-creation-in-south-africa-says-minister-kubayi-ngubane
https://www.tasez.co.za/tag/job-creation/

Topic: Trade Agreements
https://www.sars.gov.za/legal-counsel/international-treaties-agreements/trade-agreements/
https://www.sacu.int/what-we-do/sacu-agreements
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/south-africa-trade-agreements
https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/botswana-trade-agreements
https://policy.trade.ec.europa.eu/eu-trade-relationships-country-and-region/countries-and-regions/south-africa_en

Topic: Market Prices
https://joburgmarket.co.za/jhbmarket/jhb-market/dailyprices.php?all=View+All+Commodities
https://www.sadpii.org.ls/market-prices/
https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=South+Africa&country2=Botswana
https://kg.marketpanorama.com/atlas/za
https://letsob.github.io/BAMB-website/prices.html

Topic: Currency Inflation
https://www.africa-press.net/botswana/all-news/botswana-plans-a-1-51-currency-depreciation-in-2024-to-counter-inflation
https://africa.businessinsider.com/local/markets/botswana-plans-a-151-currency-depreciation-in-2024-to-counter-inflation/k1s4thw
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-12-28/botswana-to-weaken-currency-by-1-51-in-2024-due-to-inflation
https://equityaxis.net/post/18343/2025/3/zig-deflation-hits-0-1-in-march-2as-usd-inflation-holds-steady-at-15-contrasts-southern-africa-s-varied-trends
https://www.reuters.com/world/africa/inflation-key-african-economies-slow-into-next-year-2024-04-25/

Topic: Fuel Supply
https://tswanagas.co.bw/
https://www.tswanagroup.co.za/
https://dynamicfuelsupplier.co.za/
https://www.khaphezafuels.co.za/
https://www.ubuntufuels.co.za/

Topic: Drought
https://www.ajol.info/index.php/indilinga/article/view/108749
https://www.saiia.org.za/research/drought-in-southern-africa-points-to-urgent-need-for-climate-change-plans/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/307848246_Recurrent_drought_in_the_Dr_Ruth_Segomotsi_Mompati_District_Municipality_of_the_North_West_Province_in_South_Africa_An_environmental_justice_perspective
https://www.scielo.org.za/scielo.php?lng=en&nrm=iso&pid=S0038-23532009000100018&script=sci_arttext&tlng=en
https://www.theleftchapter.com/post/botswana-s-severe-drought-and-the-struggle-to-adapt

Topic: Flooding
https://www.thetswanatimes.com/kgafela-calls-for-support-for-children-affected-by-recent-flooding/
https://www.africanews.com/2025/03/14/south-africa-woman-swept-away-by-floodwaters-in-kwazulu-natal-province/
https://www.worldweatherattribution.org/increasing-extreme-rainfall-and-rapid-urbanisation-major-drivers-behind-gaborones-deadly-floods/
https://www.worldweatherattribution.org/climate-change-exacerbated-rainfall-causing-devastating-flooding-in-eastern-south-africa/
https://www.preventionweb.net/news/increasing-extreme-rainfall-and-rapid-urbanisation-major-drivers-behind-gaborones-deadly

Topic: Conservation
https://tawana.earth/
https://tsalasafari.co.za/
https://tswalu.com/conservation-story/
https://www.tashebube.co.bw/conservation/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/340352839_Sotho-Tswana_mythic_animals_Stratagem_for_environmental_conservation_1

Topic: Wildlife
https://tsalasafari.co.za/
https://www.go2africa.com/african-travel-blog/wildlife-in-botswana-what-animals-will-you-see-on-safari
https://www.sa-venues.com/game-reserves/tswalu.php
https://www.nature-reserve.co.za/mokala-national-park-wildlife.html
https://adventuresafrica.com/tswalu/

Topic: Deforestation
https://www.sahistory.org.za/francofrescura/indiginous-tswana-architecture.html
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/321204783_Impact_of_Deforestation_on_Sustainable_Livelihoods_in_Low-Resourced_Areas_of_Thulamela_Local_Municipality_Implications_for_Practice
https://www.atlaiworld.com/en/country-profile/BWA
https://www.land-links.org/country-profile/botswana/
https://worldrainforests.com/deforestation/archive/Botswana.htm

Topic: Reforestation
https://saforesttrust.com/
https://tebberforhope.co.za/reforestation-project/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275331347_The_Buffelsdraai_Landfill_Site_Community_Reforestation_Project
https://www.reforestaction.com/en/projects/3143
https://www.dffe.gov.za/KwaNibelaSandReforestationProgramme

Topic: Land Ownership
https://www.snymans.com/advice/rural-or-tribal-trust-land-in-south-africa
https://onafhanklik.com/2021/10/13/traditional-land-and-leaders-landclaims/
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/340363120_Identity_construction_of_African_women_in_the_midst_of_land_dispossession
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/329080268_Reconnecting_Tswana_Archaeological_Sites_with_their_Descendants_The_Challenge_of_Developing_Southern_Africa's_Cultural_Heritage_for_Everyone
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/228461716_Why_Did_Botswana_End_Up_with_Good_Institutions_The_Role_of_Culture_and_Colonial_Rule

Topic: Women's Rights
https://www.ajol.info/index.php/jsda/article/view/23883/0
https://www.sabcnews.com/sabcnews/celebrating-sas-struggle-heroines/
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0264837704001309
https://www.ruralwomensassembly.org/about-us/
https://answersafrica.com/tswana-people-a-look-at-their-culture-tradition-and-belief-systems.html

Topic: Child Welfare
https://www.childwelfare.co.za/
https://childwelfaresa.org.za/about-cwsa/
https://www.cwsakzn.co.za/
https://rsa.worldorgs.com/catalog/pretoria/orphanage/child-welfare-tshwane-mamelodi
https://childwelfaresa.org.za/what-we-do/

Topic: Religious Tensions
https://www.thuto.org/ubh/bw/bhp11.htm
https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/tswana
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/231971687_State_culture_and_development_in_Botswana_and_Zimbabwe
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240684537_Missionaries_and_Northern_Tswana_Rulers_Who_Used_Whom
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/231971687_State_culture_and_development_in_Botswana_and_Zimbabwe

Topic: Peacebuilding
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1080/15423166.2009.847683978795
https://www.peaceinsight.org/en/articles/scaling-up-locally-led-peacebuilding/
https://www.michaelshank.tv/strategic-arts-based-peacebuilding/
https://www.beyondintractability.org/audiodisplay/khaminwa-a-peterson-s-5-ccc1
https://issafrica.org/iss-today/south-africas-peacebuilding-process-is-far-from-complete

Topic: Regional Cooperation
https://www.sadc.int/pages/tripartite-cooperation
https://www.sadc.int/pages/greater-mapungubwe-transfrontier-conservation-area
https://www.sadc.int/pages/southern-african-development-community
https://www.sadc.int/pages/southern-african-customs-union
https://www.sadc.int/pages/southern-african-power-pool

Topic: Migration
https://www.archaeology.org.za/events/cattle-people-tswana
https://www.turtlesa.com/migration.html
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tswana
https://minorityrights.org/communities/batswana/
https://www.everyculture.com/Africa-Middle-East/Tswana-History-and-Cultural-Relations.html

Topic: Diaspora
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tswana

Topic: Local Elections
https://www.gov.za/about-sa/elections
https://www.gov.za/news/media-advisories/government-activities/electoral-commission-conducts-municipal-elections
https://www.gov.za/about-sa/elections
https://www.gov.za/about-sa/elections
https://www.gov.za/about-sa/elections

Topic: Traditional Leaders
https://www.southafrica.co.za/tswana-social-organisation.html
https://www.everyculture.com/Africa-Middle-East/Tswana-Sociopolitical-Organization.html
https://www.ebsco.com/research-starters/ethnic-and-cultural-studies/tswana-people
https://www.britannica.com/topic/Tswana
https://www.uvelaphi.co.za/cultures/tswana

Topic: Food Security
https://researchspace.ukzn.ac.za/items/c5b303fb-2aa8-466e-b35f-a424c4a215de
https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/public-health-nutrition/article/household-access-to-traditional-and-indigenous-foods-positively-associated-with-food-security-and-dietary-diversity-in-botswana/8A71FDCFB451ECA2B6664ED3E4054EDF
https://www.dsti.gov.za/index.php/media-room/latest-news/3951-promoting-indigenous-foods-could-improve-food-security-in-southern-africa
https://agrifocusafrica.com/2025/02/14/indigenous-crops-could-boost-food-security-in-southern-africa/
https://jamba.org.za/index.php/jamba/rt/printerFriendly/1210/2408

Topic: Textile Industry
https://www.twanananitextiles.co.za/
https://shweshwehome.com/materials-used-in-tswana-fashion/
https://www.knowbotswana.com/botswana-attire-leteisi.html
https://openafrica.org/participant/twananani-textile/
https://www.traditionalattire.co.za/cultural-tswana/

